
<div style="margin:auto;">
<iframe width="1000" height="630" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/y1Yow6rd-lw" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

---

you know what it keeps coming down to is
your passion your vision and and you
know how do you order your priorities in
there what what what's important to you
in the development of the product?

you know one of the things that really
hurt Apple was after I left John Sculley
got a very serious disease and that
disease I've seen other people get it
too it's um it's the disease of thinking
that a really great idea is 90% of the
work and then if you just tell your all
these other people you know here's this
great idea then of course they can go
off and make it happen and the problem
with that is is that there's a just a
tremendous amount of craftsmanship in
in-between a great idea and a great
product and as you evolved that great
idea it changes and grows it never comes
out like it starts because you learn a
lot more as you get into the subtleties
of it and you also find there's
tremendous trade-offs that you have to
make I mean you know there are there are
just certain things you you can't make
electrons do there are certain things
you can't make plastic do or glass do
and and and as you get into or factories
do or robots do and as you get into all
these things designing a product is
keeping 5,000 things in your brain these
concepts and fitting them all together
in in kind of continuing to push to fit
them together in new and different ways
to get what you want and every day you
discover something new that is a new
problem or a new opportunity to fit
these things together a little
differently and it's that process that
is the magic.

