# Steve Jobs

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ddjy_hTO7Tc

---

#### Raw Text


designs of really loaded word I don't
know what it means and so we don't
really talk about design a lot around
here we actually just talk about how
things work most people think it's how
they look but it's not really how they
look it's how they work I think Steve is
a design champion by action not by
talking about design it's that he's a
collaborator that he really understands
design not academically but as a
participant Steve not only is a champion
of design but creates an environment for
designers that's conducive to producing
terrific work everyone says you know I
want to make a great product or I want
to make a great movie or whatever
they're doing
so there's no difference there but
there's a big difference in the outcomes
when we were developing the new iMac we
were a point when we had a couple of
solutions that I mean at the time I
think we yeah we thought they were good
but we had that sinking feeling you know
when you start to you you you are aware
that you're trying to convince yourself
something's actually better than in your
heart you really know the details
sometimes you just have to look at
yourself and oh you know it's just not
really great it's okay
it's good but let's not fool ourselves
and call it great Steve really felt that
we could do better and we don't realize
we needed to I mean that's a hard hard
call to make you know we're willing to
throw something away because it's not
great and try again when all of the
pressures of commerce and are at your
back saying no you can't do that steve
is so much more than a supporter of
design he not only has a very clear sort
of sense of vision and sense of the
future but has this sort of unnerving
ability to describe the future in a way
that's very inclusive in a way that
draws people from many different
disciplines sort of in to share this
sense of what this vision could be
